. Right, so a couple brain dumps. One for the above, literal embeddings, as always, is not what I mean. That can be one form. It's not the only form. In some ways, the two applets, or apps, will integrate, but it won't effectively be clear that there were two apps to begin with, or that there's an embedded app at all. Effectively, you know, you build off the features, you use the features, other things. On the other hand, for prior consumption aspects, you both build the project to be consumed by other projects, and vice versa. When you're building a project, you evaluate what we have, what exists in third parties, what exists in libraries, research, all of this, and you try to effectively build the least amount of fresh code you can, unless it's genuinely beneficial to, again, lower LOC. You then have hexagonal, plugin systems, extensions, all this domain isolation and layering, plus your federation and other things that allows us to have this sort of dynamic coupling on every level. That makes, you know, evaluation, TDD, BDD, SDD, all the whatever DDs very, very trivial and easy to implement and iterate on. Past that, when it comes to Civis, Dino, Civic Survival, Worldscream mod, and any future games, and probably any and every graphical application we have at all, we need a strong agent bridge as well as a strong machine API, pixel analysis, right, and other forms of effective bridging, right? So some games, we have black box access. Dino, Worldscream mod. It's a sort of black to gray box. Civis, we own the game, so we have full access to all of the things. So there it's a bit easier, but even then, again, we have problems. Agents need to be able to see everything and be able to act like the user, look at the images, iterate, and do other things. In the same light, they should also be mocking up everything they want to do: the UI, the flows, everything else should have some form of mock-up, and static, you know, ASCII, SVG, Figma, whatever you want to think, or style it, mocked up, designed, written, and canonicalized and iterated, so that they're iterating against a datastore state that I can look at and be like, this is what I'm kind of looking for and expecting. Past that, with the game bridge, obviously we want to make sure agents are actually able to see what's going on in the game and all the possible graphical issues, since a lot of things we're working on are sort of niche or very, very small and hard to detect graphical features. On the other hand then, with our other projects generally leaves the fact of full end-to-end traceability. Do we have all the FRs? Do we have all the tests? Do we have all the docs? Do we have all the specs? All the work? All the SOTA? All the intent? All the code? Right? Every single type of doc artifact? Every single type of code artifact? Every single type of test artifact? And then on top of all of that, anything else I haven't yet mentioned. Again, we need to have every form of state management, from the actual thing to as close to the concept or, you know, thought idea as we can, so that we can then, in all of it, have the room we need, the flexibility we need to canonicalize and to have the creative room at each and every layer, plus being able to get, again, machine-driven verification, which is the most important thing. We should be able to have some form of machine-level way of literally grading this as if it was an assignment we gave, right? Not a short assignment. This is like a multi-year assignment, if you think about it. But as if it wasn't an assignment, we can have a literal percentage and grade that we use and refer to. That is the main goal.
